Add documentation for Loop accelerator (#1787)
pivotal/docs-tap: application-accelerator/creating-accelerators/transforms/loop.hbs.md

- `index` is the name of the variable that will be assigned the index of the current element on each iteration. (optional)
- `doAsMerge` is the transform that will be executed for every element in the list, on a copy of the `Loop` transform's
  input.
- `doAsChain` is the transform that will be executed for every element in the list, passing the output of the transform
  as input to the next transform.

Both `var` and `index` are optional.

Only one of `doAsMerge` or `doAsChain` may be used in a `Loop` transform.

## <a id="behavior"></a>Behavior

Consider the following when choosing which of `doAsMerge` or `doAsChain` is appropriate for your use case.

`doAsMerge` executes the transform on the same input files for every iteration and merges the resulting outputs. It is
best suited when a transform should be executed multiple times on the same input and the outputs will not conflict.

`doAsChain` executes the transform on the initial input files once and then passes the resulting output to the second
iteration and so on. It is best suited when a transform needs to be aware of any changes that occurred in the previous
iteration.

## <a id="examples"></a>Examples

> Create a new directory for every module in `modules` containing the contents of the "template" directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new directory for every module in `modules` (a list of strings) based on the contents of the "template" directory.
```

```
type: Loop
on: "#modules"
var: m
doAsChain:
  type: RewritePath
  regex: "template/(.*)"
  rewriteTo: "#m + '/' + #g1"
```

> Add every artifact in `artifacts` as a Spring plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add every artifactId in `artifacts` (a list of strings) as a Spring plugin.
```
